# Konstellation Network

#### A Blockchain-Based Ecosystem for the Financial Services Industry



Nicholas J. Krapels <nickrapels@gmail.com>
Sang H. Lee <sang@konstellation.tech>

##### February 2020




## Abstract

The history of the traditional financial services industry makes it clear that blockchain technology could potentially be applied to transform the industry into a more proactive financial system flexible enough to both encourage innovation and still safeguard the best interests of investors. Today’s complex global financial regulatory system demands that projects remove the existing hurdles toward the increased adoption of cryptographic digital assets and apply this new technology where it provides the most utility. A hybrid public/private blockchain-based ecosystem is proposed that (i) allows for the creation of digital assets, (ii) incentivizes the seamless and global blockchain-enabled trustless interaction with critical counterparties, and (iii) adjusts its economy in response to the Value at Risk (VaR) observed across the entire ecosystem. The ecosystem is serviced by a group of nodes that are compensated for their contributions of security and governance and incentivized by a robust token economy that ensures both maximum value capture to its native utility token and encourages ecosystem participants to engage in positively reinforcing risk-adjusted behavior that leads to value accretion across the entire network.  

## Table of Contents
1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Evolution of the Financial Regulatory Landscape](#section2)  
    2.1 [The Pre-Depression Panics of Early America](#section21)  
    2.2 [Early Twentieth Century Regulation](#section22)  
    2.3 [Late Twentieth Century Deregulation](#section23)  
    2.4 [The Great Recession of 2008](#section24)  
    2.5 [Contemporary Regulatory Framework](#section25)  
    2.6 [Moving Toward a Blockchain-Enhanced Future](#section26)  
3. [Konstellation Network: Expanding the DarcMatter Vision](#section3)  
    3.1 [The Konstellation Evolution](#section31)  
    3.2 [The Opportunity in Financial Services Disintermediation](#section32)  
    3.3 [Blockchain Will Bring the Fintech Revolution](#section33)  
4. [Konstellation Network: Expanding the DarcMatter Vision](#section4)  
    4.1 [Addressing the Blockchain Trilemma](#section41)  
    4.2 [The Emerging Tendermint-Based Blockchain Ecosystem](#section42)  
    4.3 [Explaining Cosmos Hubs and Zones](#section43)  
    4.4 [Interoperability as Core Value](#section44)  
    4.5 [The Konstellation Network as a Key Cosmos Hub](#section45)  
5. [Using the Konstellation Network](#section5)  
    5.1 [What Is Konstellation Network?](#section51)  
    5.2 [Ecosystem Constituents](#section52)   
    5.2.1 [Dapp Developers](#section521)  
    5.2.2 [Smart Contract Developers](#section522)  
    5.2.3 [Investment Product Providers](#section523)  
    5.2.4 [Validators](#section524)  
    5.2.5 [Singularity Nodes](#section525)  
    5.2.6 [Investors](#section526)  
    5.2.7 [Speculators](#section527)  
    5.3 [Use Cases for the Konstellation Network](#section53)  
    5.3.1 [Asset Tokenization](#section531)  
    5.3.2 [Synthetic Collateralization](#section532)  
    5.3.3 [Fintech Development](#section533)  
    5.4 [DARCwallet™](#section54)
6. [Innovation in Consensus and Governance](#section6)  
    6.1 [Tendermint Core's Consensus Mechanism - pBFT](#section61)  
    6.2 [Evolving Consensus Toward Proof of Gravity - gBFT](#section62)  
    6.3 [Governance](#section63)  
7. [Token Economy](#section7)  
    7.1 [Monetary Policy](#section71)  
    7.2 [Staking](#section72)  
    7.2.1 [Stake to Bond](#section721)  
    7.2.2 [Stake to Earn](#section722)    
    7.2.3 [Stake to Access](#section723)  
    7.3 [Burn Cases](#section73)  
    7.4 [Token Distribution](#section74)  
8. [Roadmap](#section8) 

## 1. Introduction <a name="introduction"></a>
Distributed ledger technology and blockchain is on the brink of completely disrupting the multi-trillion-dollar global asset management industry. While fintech has been a buzzword within the finance industry for quite some time, the capacity for it to reduce the opacity and inefficiencies that have historically dominated Wall Street has yet to be realized. Embedding blockchain into fintech solutions will completely reshape the industry for the better by increasing transparency, transaction speed, and trustless interaction.

Regulations have continued to change and evolve in a multitude of ways. Centralized governments all over the world each put their own spin on the rules. Their intent is to provide additional security for investors. These new laws made to protect individual investors often even marginally benefit society, but their implementation also increases the expenses associated with compliance throughout the industry. Fund managers and large institutions are therefore more focused on increasing assets under management (AUM), rather than providing service to investors. A new approach is required to increase investor access to investment opportunity and optimize funding for innovation on a global scale. 

DarcMatter formed Konstellation Korea Ltd. (“Konstellation”) to provide a conduit that exclusively focuses on the enhancement of blockchain technology development for the global financial services industry. Through leveraging the already established active global user base and deep global financial industry expertise at DarcMatter, Konstellation has three primary mandates: (i) innovative blockchain software development, (ii) supportive blockchain education and consulting services, and (iii) critical idea incubation for the Konstellation Network, a niche financial services ecosystem powered by a bespoke public blockchain built with Cosmos Tendermint technology. 

Konstellation envisions a truly decentralized wealth management system where investor access, product development, and reduced compliance costs will be achieved through increased speed, traceability, and interoperability. These improvements will foster the tremendous scalability needed to grow the entire wealth management universe. Individual companies and projects, as we intend to demonstrate with DarcMatter and VegaX, will be able to “plug in” to the Konstellation Network in order to gain access to a variety of blockchain enhancements that will better align the incentives of investors and financial product creators. Artificial boundaries created due to international nuances, archaic regulations or just old-fashioned cost constraints can be overcome through the innovative blockchain technology and robust token economy, driven by the native DARC utility token, that underlies the Konstellation Network.  


## 2. Evolution of the Financial Regulatory Landscape <a name="section2"></a>

Regulatory compliance is probably the most crucial aspect of any blockchain project. Lack of regulatory awareness can jeopardize even the projects with the best intentions. Founders and investors alike shy away from regulatory uncertainty, which severely limits the upside of the industry growing up around blockchain and cryptography-based assets. An overview of the history of regulations reveals that most financial laws are made in response to crises. At Konstellation, we believe that the most efficient path for growth in the digital assets industry lies in a comprehensive understanding of the history of financial laws and their evolving interplay in the current fragmented environment, so that we can be proactive in shaping the decentralized finance institutions that we see as necessary pillars of our digital future.  

### 2.1 The Pre-Depression Panics of Early America <a name="section21"></a>

People will trade anything anywhere. One of the main purposes of regulation is to prevent those who know privileged information from taking advantage of those who do not. Prior to the formation of the New York Stock Exchange on May 17th, 1792, New Yorkers would gather under the buttonwood trees at the southern tip of Manhattan to trade financial assets. New York Bank shares were one of the hottest issues in this early informal bourse. What led to the formation of what we call Wall Street today occurred when a single group of men colluded to drive up the cost of the assets traded around the buttonwood tree. When it was revealed that their mutual credit was based on nothing, a panic ensued that impoverished many. The 1792 Buttonwood Agreements took a harsh view of this insider trading. It took years for confidence in the financial system to be restored. However, whenever investor confidence starts to increase, a financial panic is sure to be around the corner. Centuries of traditional centralized financial institutions have taught us to be wary of this well-worn pattern.

The Panic of 1819 arose due to the inflationary nature of private banks issuing their own currency to finance westward expansion. When the central bank at that time, the Second Bank of the United States, required that only hard money - i.e. gold and silver - could be used to purchase western lands, the ensuing real estate crash caused an epic bank run leading to the Panic of 1837. Regulators reacted by implementing deposit insurance and reserve requirements to allay consumer fears and rein in corporate greed.

Westward expansion continued to drive speculative activities in the 1850s. Banks gave out easy loans to feed the frenzy of retail investors, leading to a railroad boom. Due to the recently interconnected economy created by the railroads, a decline in western expansionary activity had a cascade effect on the American economy. Reserve requirements were tightened. Laws were passed so banks had to keep one dollar in gold and silver for every three kept as paper assets. American financial regulation preferred even harder money. 

In 1869, that strategy backfired when a Gold Ring used insider information to corner the gold market. When President Ulysses Grant found out, he released $4 million in gold to crash the gold price and caused the Black Friday Panic. The Coinage Act of 1873 moved the US to a de facto gold standard, which led to decreasing silver prices, increasing interest rates, and a decreasing domestic money supply. Banks, which had financed a railroad boom but had yet to see any returns from those investments, were not prepared for these trends. The Panic of 1893 can be traced to a wheat crop failure and coup in Argentina. Wheat prices and international investing crashed. So many banks failed that the New York Stock Exchange closed temporarily. Unemployment soared, leading to the Great Railroad Strike. Europe moved into the Long Depression. Railroads were nationalized, high tariffs were implemented, and compulsory social insurance began. Global protectionism began to lay the foundation for the World Wars of the twentieth century.  

### 2.2 Early Twentieth Century Regulation <a name="section22"></a>

The 1907 Bankers’ Panic was caused by unregulated bucket shops, a retraction of market liquidity, and a loss of confidence. Many banks and businesses went bankrupt as the New York Stock Exchange fell almost 50%. People panicked and withdrew their money from banks. J. P. Morgan, John D. Rockefeller, and other bankers pledged their own money to shore up the banking system. Tennessee Iron, Coal and Railroad Company (TC&I) stock was about to collapse, so Morgan’s US Steel Corporation acquired TC&I to avert economic disaster. Consequently, the Aldrich-Vreeland Act established the National Monetary Commission to regulate banking and institute an independent treasury system. The Commission recommended a central bank, leading to the Federal Reserve Act. The Federal Reserve System was born as a reaction to the excesses of traditional centralized financial institutions.
	
America’s economy expanded during the Roaring Twenties. But by the middle of 1929, signs of recession appeared. The unemployment rate was high, production was in decline, and stocks were overvalued. Yet, investors soldiered on. This time it was supposed to be different. Of course, that turned out not to be true. On October 24th and 29th of 1929, known respectively as Black Thursday and Black Tuesday, financial markets crashed in America and then all over the world. People were left with millions of worthless securities. In response, newly elected president Franklin Delano Roosevelt implemented the Banking Act of 1933, which led to the creation of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), and the Glass Steagall Act, which separated commercial and investment banks and extended federal oversight to all commercial banks. The Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 largely created the regulatory environment that the US operates in today. This legislation created the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), required public financial disclosure, and outlined the step-by-step process for raising money legally. Because America controls the international reserve currency, the US dollar, and is home to the lion’s share of today’s investment wealth, those Depression-era regulations rule the global financial landscape by default. American financial regulation has not registered much in the way of new ideas since this era in large part because lawmakers have slowly been dismantling it since the 1980s.  

### 2.3 Late Twentieth Century Deregulation <a name="section23"></a>

After the economic stagnation and consequent 1970s inflation, American regulators implemented a series of investor exemptions to help rejuvenate the economy. These regulations eased the compliance burden while also making it easier for projects, startups, and funds to find private investors. Many New Deal regulations were dismantled to fully unleash market forces upon the economy. The restriction on local banks creating branches in states other than where they are registered was lifted. Caps on interest rates were removed. The Garn-St. Germain Depository Institutions Act of 1982 extended the range of loans and products allowed to be marketed by traditional banks, setting up a decade-long savings and loan crisis that saw more than a third of local banks go bankrupt. Deregulation allowed for the diversification of bank activities, but more often than not led to increased risk taking behaviour from financial institutions. But deregulation also led to a period of phenomenal wealth creation in the United States. Between 1980 and 2000, the U.S. GDP increased fivefold from $2 trillion to $10 trillion. Yes, the American economy was more dynamic, but it was also more fraught with risk. Due to increasing globalization and the consolidation of the financial sector, these risks were bound to eventually spill over into other countries.

That buildup of global systemic risk first manifested itself in the Asian financial crisis of 1997. The onslaught of deregulation in the late 1980’s led to substantial money flows into Asia. The emerging markets there had high short term interest rates and policies that distorted the lender-borrower relationship. Asset prices increased to an unsustainable level and then began to collapse. The 1997 handover of Hong Kong contributed to this uncertainty. Foreign investors withdrew capital from these countries. Exchange markets were flooded with emerging market currencies. Most Asian currencies saw precipitous declines. In response, governments raised interest rates and used foreign reserves to buy excess domestic currencies at fixed exchange rates in an effort to prevent further collapse. But this reaction only further damaged already fragile economies. Corporate bankruptcies and currency depreciation followed. The Thai stock market dropped 75%. The Thai baht lost over half its value. The Indonesian rupiah lost about 80% of its value. South Korean conglomerates failed due to excess debt and corruption, leading to a loss of foreign investment and forcing interest rate increases. The won depreciated 30% and South Korea’s national debt-to-GDP ratio more than doubled. The Association of Southeast Asian Nations’ foreign ministers believed this to be a coordinated manipulation of their currencies to destabilize the region. The financiers that profited the most from the Asian financial crisis claimed they were just applying the principles of the Fisher Effect, one of the most basic academic finance concepts taught to all MBAs. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) created a bailout program to stabilize Asian currencies. Countries were eligible for IMF capital injections if they followed a prescription of Western style economic reforms. Thailand got $17 billion, Indonesia $23 billion, and South Korea $58 billion in bailouts. Millions fell into poverty. Asia would recover years later. Corporate governance reform measures saw some reform and foreign exchange reserves were kept as a hedge against future exchange rate attacks. But for the most part, the corruption and the market volatility remained.

In March 2000, albeit on a much less comprehensive scale, the excesses of deregulation came home to roost in the United States. The dot-com market crash, exacerbated by the 9/11 crisis, lasted from March 2000 to October 2004. Despite this hiccup, deregulation ushered in a period of unabated “irrational exuberance” in America. But the end result would be the greatest economic crisis since the Great Depression.  

### 2.4 The Great Recession of 2008 <a name="section24"></a>

By 2008, the combination of deregulation and globalization allowed a real estate bubble in the United States to become a global economic malaise. US government support for easy access to mortgages for people with bad credit and limited documented income tempted government entities around the world to invest in various securities derived from those mortgages. When those assets began to be worthless, a crisis ensued that spread through Europe and Asia.

However, in sharp contrast to the full-throated response to economic disaster that President Franklin D. Roosevelt voiced after the Great Depression, with a cascade of new financial regulation aimed at investor protection that is still in force today, the newly elected Obama administration merely managed to pass the Dodd-Frank Act. In July 2010, Dodd-Frank established two new agencies to analyze economic and systemic risk and published guidelines that “too big to fail banks” – the legislation called them systematically important financial institutions (SIFI) – must pass each year. The Federal Reserve, and not Congress, did the heavy lifting when it came to smoothing over the financial crisis. Fed chief Ben Bernanke began a series of quantitative easing and other accommodative monetary measures that drastically increased the money supply worldwide. Other central banks followed suit. Bernanke’s “helicopter money” may have briefly staved off an extended global bear market, but the world has yet to fully deal with the impacts of this monetary policy.

In combination with the explosion of global debt that accompanied the vastly increased money supply, the new laws did little to curb the excesses wrought by decades of deregulation. Ten years after the nadir of the financial crisis, markets have rocketed to all-time highs. And yet, systematic risk has never been higher. The wealth gap between the “haves” and “have-nots” increases every year. The world stands now at a crossroads.  

### 2.5 Contemporary Regulatory Framework <a name="section25"></a>

After the Great Recession nearly destroyed the global economy, lawmakers reassessed their stance on the broad deregulatory push of the 1990s that contributed to the systemic risk that infested the global financial landscape and led to its near collapse. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 was a direct response to the conditions that precipitated the recession. Specifically, the legislation fought to establish control over financial institutions that were deemed “too big to fail” (TBTF). Despite this emphasis, financial institutions have yet to get any smaller. In 2018, Congress even rolled back many of the Dodd-Frank reforms. Economies thus remain vulnerable to the influence of TBTF institutions. And since the world economy is an increasingly globalized phenomenon, all economic ecosystems, no matter how small, face systemic risk without a solution.

The lifeblood of capitalism is the ability to raise funds for entrepreneurial endeavors. Although much of the legislation enacted in the shadow of the Great Depression still remains valid today, American lawmakers have passed a series of updates that have sought to keep pace with the fast-moving investment industry. Although the efficacy of these reforms can be debated, a suite of adaptations to the Securities Act of 1933 comprise the body of laws that currently govern fundraising in the United States. We focus on the US system here because it is typically looked to as the pillar upon which international economies, and their associated regulatory frameworks, rest.

Regulation S is included in the 1933 Act itself. It provides exemption from registration requirement for securities offered and sold outside the US for both US and foreign issuers. Reg S provides two important safe harbor provisions. Rule 903 provides an issuer safe harbor so long as no direct efforts were made to sell the security to either an American citizen or a person physically in the US. Meeting these criteria qualifies the transaction as an “off-shore transaction.” Rule 904 provides a resale safe harbor that allows for resale of previously issued securities after a lock-up period after issuance.

Regulation D is another exemption in the 1933 Act that removes the requirement to register security issuances under special circumstances. The rules change with legislation, the most recent of which occurred in 2016 when Rule 505 was phased out and elements incorporated into Rule 504. The main purpose of Reg D is to provide an exemption for offerings up to a maximum of $5 million that allows issuers to solicit the participation of both non-accredited and accredited private US investors as long as state laws are complied with.

Regulation A is the largest exemption to regulated securities offerings. Paperwork is not as stringent as fully registered offerings, but certainly more complex than that required under Reg D and Reg S. In exchange, Reg A offerings allowed fundraising with the cap of raising $20 million or $50 million during any 12-month period, depending on circumstances. However, the bad actor and strict individual limits on non-accredited investors found in the old Reg A provisions severely limited its usefulness. After the financial crisis, President Obama introduced new more lenient parameters for Reg A.

The Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act of 2012 was introduced to help small businesses raise funds more easily using what is known as equity crowdfunding. Initially, the law allowed private growth-stage companies to raise substantial sums of money from accredited investors only. But in 2015, Title IV of the JOBS Act went into effect, expanding the potential investor base to non-accredited investors and increasing the fundraising limit to $50 million. These types of fund raises are now known as Regulation A+ offerings.

Despite these more robust options, most startups eschew the costs of Reg A+ mini-IPOs. The only blockchain company to successfully complete a regulated fundraise so far has been Blockstack, which spent $2 million to raise $23 million via a combination of Reg A+ and Reg S offerings. Hence, most small startups opt for the fundraising option outlined by Title III of the JOBS Act, known as Regulation Crowdfunding or Reg CF. This method requires that intermediaries sell your security and allows for both accredited and unaccredited investors but limits the raise to a maximum of $1 million. There is a one-year period lockup for the security issued.

The intent of these laws is to protect investors. But the reality is that regulations, due to paperwork requirements that prevent transparency, often end up restricting investor access and driving up costs for the fund managers and product providers, locking out the common man from potentially life-changing investments. Instead of providing personalized services to their customers, financial services companies are more incentivized to increase assets under management. They are even disincentivized from focusing on enhancing investment returns, which may explain why 80% of fund managers fail to outperform their benchmark. Thus, regulatory efforts may have the best outcome in mind, but they often actually damage the interests of the investors that they seek to protect.

Reg S, Reg D, Reg A+, Reg CF – These are the dizzying array of compliant fundraising paradigms for security issuances in the United States, which is still just one country in a world full of regulatory regimes. Even before blockchain technology entered the financial services industry, that regulatory landscape was under constant pressure to change. Now, with the introduction of blockchain and security tokens, the potential for capital to be distributed globally to its best use case anywhere in the world is possible.  

### 2.6 Moving Toward a Blockchain-Enhanced Future <a name="section26"></a>

Shall we continue to go down the well-trodden path of perpetual boom-and-bust cycles offered by traditional financial markets? Or shall we work together as a community to increase access to life-changing investment opportunities for all that want to improve their lot in life by saving and investing for the long term?

Bitcoin was the first step. Forged in the depths of the Great Recession, Satoshi Nakomoto provided the world with a means to exchange value pseudonymously without having to tithe toward the legacy financial system. The next step, among undoubtedly many more that there are to take, is to create anew the bedrock financial infrastructure that underpins the traditional financial system. Only this time, we’ll build it with the advantages that only blockchain technology can provide. The current financial system is set up specifically to position financial institutions to be fee-earning trusted third parties integral to every transaction. A blockchain-based infrastructure that embeds trust minimization into the very core of its operating system can create a safer, faster and fee-optimized infrastructure without any conflicts of interest. Such a system would also go a long way in promoting financial inclusion for those people all over the world that currently lack access to the existing financial system.

The global financial system of today has brought us an uninterrupted sequence of boom-and-bust cycles one after the other. The current American economic expansion is the longest in history. And yet, it is only a little more than a decade in length. Institutions taking on too much risk after World War I was the cause of the Great Depression. Institutions taking on too much risk after the American dot-com bubble was the cause of the Great Recession. Yet we continue to assess risk at the level of each individual institution. We should instead use an ecosystem approach to arrive at a type of Value at Risk (VaR) metric that constantly calculates the systemic risk within that particular ecosystem. During the Great Recession, regulators and large financial institutions made the mistake of paying more attention to their individual risk metrics, which obviously underestimated systemwide risks, to justify more risk taking at precisely the most inopportune time. A blockchain-based financial services ecosystem, like the kind we are proposing to create with the Konstellation Network, could theoretically reduce the risk to competitive advantages that inter-institutional data sharing represents, while preserving the data most sensitive to determining ecosystem risk. 

Blockchain projects often claim to be waiting for regulatory clarity. They could be waiting for a long time. Recent history has shown that, even when properly motivated to create new financial regulatory legislation, the US government has lacked the consensus to enact new policy that reflects the high-speed global transactions of modern technology. Regulation is already here. Technology can adapt to regulation more easily than waiting for regulation to adapt to technology.

That’s why the time is right to create the Konstellation Network, a niche financial services ecosystem secured by blockchain technology that enables the seamless and trustful interaction of disparate financial institutions all over the world.

Global financial systems are rushing to create blockchain-friendly laws, regulations and “sand boxes” that embody the spirit of investor protection while also embracing the opportunity to fund innovation on a global scale. Singapore, Malta, Hong Kong, Japan, Estonia, Bermuda, the Cayman Islands, and the United Arab Emirates are just a few of the governments that are embracing the fintech future. But laws cannot keep up with technological change. Historically, global financial regulatory systems have always been reactionary. They adapt themselves after crises have already caused significant damage to people’s economic lives.

The Konstellation Network intends to be a key component of a fresh, new proactive financial system, dynamic enough to accommodate the quickening pace of innovation yet rigid enough to protect investor rights. We believe that a complex and increasingly global financial regulatory system requires an ecosystem solution built on the foundation of a robust cryptographic token economy that ensures both maximum value capture to the native utility token (DARC) and incentivizes ecosystem participants to engage in positively reinforcing risk-adjusted investment decisions that lead to value accretion across the entire Konstellation Network. In short, interactions between ecosystem participants will be secured and incentivized by staking and usage of the DARC token.  

## 3. Konstellation Network: Expanding the DarcMatter Vision <a name="section3"></a>

In defining the principles that will guide the development of the Konstellation Network and its associated DARC token economy, we feel that it is important to review the experiences of the team that led us to want to create such a specialized financial services ecosystem. In August 2010, the founders of Konstellation began planning Return on Change (RoC), a crowdfunding platform designed to make it easier for socially responsible startups to raise capital. RoC eventually became DarcMatter, a global award-winning platform for alternative investments. With its head office in New York City and offices in Shanghai, Seoul and Kiev, the globally distributed company engages local investors to provide them direct access to unique cross-border investment opportunities via their online platform. DarcMatter now services over 2,600 investors representing over 62 countries. There are more than 200 fund products live on the platform and available for investment at any given time. As the business has grown from a core team of three to approximately 30 global members, the founders searched for a better means to accommodate their growth. The nuanced but repetitive nature of much of the financial services work of pairing investors to fund managers led them to look towards blockchain as a solution to their existing business needs.  

### 3.1 The Konstellation Evolution <a name="section31"></a>

The goal of the Konstellation Network is to become a blockchain-based ecosystem that serves as a basis for the incremental decentralization of the asset management industry. Our aim is to remove the opacity and inefficiencies that characterize much of the financial services sector and provide increased access to potentially life-changing investments to more investors all over the world.

To do that, the Konstellation Network will have incentives in place that encourage holders of its native utility token to actively manage their tokens in a manner that maximizes the benefit for all of the stakeholders in the ecosystem. We define these stakeholders as being comprised of five groups. The first two groups are financial product providers and investors. Through its experience developing the DarcMatter platform, Konstellation has access to an existing global user base of financial product providers (general partners or GPs) and investors (limited partners or LPs) that we hope will become some of the first participants in the Konstellation Network ecosystem. As you can see on our roadmap included in Section 8, after the launch of the mainnet we will begin the process of weaving together the back-end technology that serves the DarcMatter platform so that its transactions are recorded on the Konstellation Network. This development work will eventually lead to Starmint SDK.

The third group of stakeholders in the Konstellation Network are existing FinTech service providers such as our own DarcMatter and VegaX as well as partners such as Bitcurate, Publish Protocol and Rocket Dollar. The fourth group includes administrative and legal solutions providers that allow for the infrastructure of financial services on blockchain to operate smoothly. The fifth group are coders and technology experts that can contribute apps, smart contracts and other core technologies to the Konstellation Network that benefit its participants.
 
In order to best align the disparate interests of all of these stakeholders in our ecosystem, we adopt the principles of a service and flow economy based on the thinking of Taiichi Ohno, designer of the Toyota Production System that reshaped the global automobile industry. His design focused on the elimination of muda, which in English is defined as “waste” or “purposelessness.” In applying Ohno’s economical thought to a token economy, we aim to shift from a purely transactional economy to a service and flow economy. Our goal is to maximize the flow of continuous value, as defined by our customer, at the exact time that our customer needs that value, in a manner that eliminates all muda. In this spirit, we would like to help our token holders actively put their tokens toward their best and most efficient use. Our first project towards that goal will be to create a dashboard that tracks the DARC token distribution and potential active staking opportunities for token holders.

We therefore aim to induce the seamless use of our token that occurs “in the background” of our platform. If platform users are unfamiliar with cryptocurrency, they can still benefit from the application of blockchain to our platform. Once familiar with the savings that their seamless use of the DARC token provides “in the background,” they will be incentivized to use them more and hopefully adopt active management principles of their own that maximize their utility of the token. But until such a critical mass crossover occurs, ecosystem participants should not feel like they are using tokens. even though we will be transparent about the tokens in their account.  

### 3.2 The Opportunity in Financial Services Disintermediation <a name="section32"></a>

The asset management industry as a whole manages $75 trillion-plus of global financial assets. However, global investor wealth has recently surpassed $225 trillion. This disconnect represents a $150 trillion opportunity where a flexible financial services ecosystem can provide customized levels of service for both financial institutions and individual investors alike that are looking for assistance in deploying their capital. In today’s traditional finance industry, most business is conducted on a “who you know” basis. Trust is based on hard-to-define metrics such as familiarity and reputation, which enables massive Madoff-style fraud to be perpetrated without much recourse to the investors in such schemes. However, in a blockchain-enhanced financial services industry, trustless mechanisms ensure security of funds and transparency of investment actions. Investors no longer have to rely on their trust in a particular counterparty or financial regulation because they can trust in the technology underpinning each and every financial transaction to protect them.

We believe that the financial services industry has reached an inflection point, where the need for market incumbents to access each other securely and seamlessly is critical. Large cases of fraud, impropriety, frictions around global access, a growing investor pool and massive growth in available capital to be deployed have all played a part in bringing the industry to this point in its history. The capabilities of distributed ledger technology and blockchain can bring transparency and security into an asset management industry that has been ripe with fraud and opacity ever since its very inception the Buttonwood Agreement of 1792 created Wall Street in an effort to prevent “manipulative auctions.” The global financial services industry is now ready to embrace technological reform as a solution to many of the issues that plague the industry.  

### 3.3 Blockchain Will Bring the Fintech Revolution <a name="section33"></a>

Both the culture of traditional finance and increasingly cumbersome regulatory burdens have created a reputation for the financial services industry that it is notoriously slow to change. The integration of blockchain technology into financial services, which we hope will accelerate with the growth of interoperable niche financial services ecosystems like the Konstellation Network, has the potential to transform this vital industry that dictates the distribution of investment capital all over the world. The previous section highlighted the current opportunity for blockchain-based financial services. This section summarizes some of the initiatives that crypto projects, blockchain trailblazers and even financial institutions have undertaken to jumpstart the fintech revolution.

Stablecoins entered the blockchain lexicon in 2014 when Tether began to issue tokens on the Bitcoin blockchain that were backed by fiat reserves. Now known as USDT, Tether exists on the Ethereum and Tron blockchains as well. Many other companies have entered the fiat-backed stablecoin industry including Gemini (GUSD), Coinbase (USDC), TrustToken (TUSD), Paxos (PAX) and Stably (USDS). The increasing acceptance of these currently available fiat-backed stablecoins, secured by US dollar reserves, has led to the innovation of crypto-backed stablecoins like MakerDAO’s DAI and Synthetix’s sUSD. These payment solutions maintain their value in dollar units but are backed by cryptocurrencies on the Ethereum blockchain. Financial institutions have even adopted their own internal stablecoins. Deutsche Bank created DUSD tokens on the EOS blockchain that are backed by tokenized bonds also on EOS. JP Morgan has issued its own JPM Coin on a permissioned version of Ethereum exclusively for settlement between institutions. Experiments in algorithmically secured stablecoins like Ampleforth (AMPL), Terra (LUNA) and Reserve (RSV) are ongoing and likely to eventually find a suitable business model.

Bonds are another asset that are seeing increasing adoption on various blockchains. The World Bank, the aforementioned Deutsche Bank, the Spanish banking group Santander, the publicly listed parent of quick service restaurant Fatburger, as well as the Austrian and Belarussian governments are just some of the diverse set of entities that have issued tokenized bonds in the past year.

Property tokenization was first successfully executed in 2018 when the ownership group of the St. Regis Aspen resort hotel in Colorado auctioned off 18.9% of the equity in the property for $18 million worth of Aspen Coins. The programmable nature of smart contracts and their self-regulated logic are perfectly suited to realizing efficiency improvements and cost reductions in the lengthy multi-step process of real estate process. Transaction and settlement speeds would be improved. The transactional process, including automated dividend payout and governance requirements, would be more direct than the current paperwork-dominated process. Fractional ownership would allow investors to simply buy a token on a platform that represents an interest in their favorite iconic building, for example. Real estate tokens could drastically reduce the need for agents and other intermediaries, allowing value to be captured almost entirely by the buyers and sellers of an asset with perhaps a small portion reserved for fees given to the ecosystem platform that facilitated the process. Taken together, these benefits drastically lower the barrier to entry for real estate investors. Despite a $17 trillion market opportunity, the acceptance of real estate tokenization has been slower than anticipated. An ecosystem approach like the Konstellation Network could potentially accelerate this process.

Tokenized contracts are an example of the kind of tokenization innovation that could better be accomplished in an ecosystem environment. The most prominent example comes from NBA player Spencer Dinwiddie, who plays for the Brooklyn Nets, that tokenized the guaranteed cash flows of his player contract. In exchange for $13.5 million up front, owners of his securities-backed SD8 tokens, which were sold to accredited investors for a $150,000 apiece via a Reg D offering, will be able to access his bi-weekly income stream paid in PAX stablecoins. The payments will total $16 million over the course of the three-year bond-like asset. It’s a simple time value of money deal for the Net. He can invest the proceeds he receives however he likes while paying out a healthy 5% interest rate to his token holders. These creative structures are what open finance can deliver. A decentralized ecosystem knit together by a robust token economy could provide cost certainty and process familiarity to network participants, further embedding disintermediation into the financial services industry and providing a solid foundation for establishing new innovative practices.

Stablecoins, tokenized bonds, real estate, other alternative assets like the Dinwiddie tokens, insurance policies, art and other esoteric assets like insurance products and collectibles all fall under the category of immense opportunities provided by security token offerings (STO). This potential was recognized by Robert Greifeld, former chairman and CEO of the NASDAQ stock market, as far back as November 2017. During the previous crypto bull run, he claimed that “100% of the stocks and bonds trading on Wall Street today COULD be tokenized, and in five years, 100% of the stocks and bonds on Wall Street WILL be tokenized.”

That confidence intimates that, at some point in the near future, likely when the blockchain-based infrastructure for the financial services industry hits critical mass, the financial services industry could see an inflection point of epic proportions. Indeed, Stephane De Baets, president of Elevated Returns, the issuer of the previously mentioned Aspen Coins, widely recognized as the first available real estate security tokens, claimed in an interview with Hackernoon in November 2019 that “we are at the equivalent of dial-up internet days, and one day people will laugh that anyone was arguing about this back in 2019.”

The Konstellation Network hopes to make it as easy as possible for financial institutions, blockchain innovators and crypto investors to seamlessly interact with each other. The lack of data analytics, custody, liquidity, legal documentation and other financial services that is compliant across multiple jurisdictions all currently prevent the majority of financial institutions from entering into the digital asset industry. Although cryptocurrency advocates tout the potential for large financial institutions to begin investing in digital assets, there is no clear path or existing vigorous infrastructure for the creation, storage and distribution of digital assets. The Konstellation Network, powered by its DARC utility token, aims to be the solution for these systemic problems.  

## 4. A Konstellation in the Cosmos <a name="section4"></a>

When we conducted our initial token-based capital raise in early 2018, we issued the DARC utility token on the NEM public blockchain. However, after almost 2 years in the NEM ecosystem, a project rebrand, and a substantial expansion of the project vision, we have decided to build our project using the Tendermint codebase found in the Cosmos software development kit (SDK). Two critical factors drove this decision to pivot from NEM to Tendermint. First, instead of just building a decentralized application (dapp) to serve as an interface for our DarcMatter platform, the project vision expanded to include the development of an entire niche financial services ecosystem. Second, this vision requires interoperability and ease-of-use as non-negotiable primary features. We believe that focusing on these deliverables should drive superior value capture to our DARC utility token. Moreover, the feedback from our DARC community was that NEM technology was ill-suited to deliver on either of these factors. Therefore, the Konstellation Network is being developed using Cosmos SDK.  

### 4.1 Addressing the Blockchain Trilemma <a name="section41"></a>

The evolution of blockchain technology can be seen as a series of monolithic public blockchains that each impose their one-size-fits-all solution on each of their ecosystem participants. First generation blockchains like Bitcoin, Litecoin, Namecoin, or Siacoin were purpose-built for a singular goal. But users could not use their bitcoin to buy storage on Sia. Siacoin was not much use for payments. The second generation of blockchain technology was born with Vitalik Buterin’s concept for a global supercomputer known as the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM). The Ethereum public blockchain was a Turing-complete everything-goes solution to the single-purpose chains. The problem was that, as soon as any dapp gained traction, like Cryptokitties did during the blockchain bull run of late 2017, it rendered the EVM useless by clogging it with slow, expensive transactions. The third generation of blockchains – Tezos, EOS, NEO and others –  have developed their own approach to solve Buterin’s infamous “blockchain trilemma,” which is the conundrum that forces blockchain developers to choose one feature over the others among scalability, security, and decentralization.

Third-generation blockchains can typically be organized according to which feature they aim to solve. Some are built for speed. Some are built to be secure. Others are intended to maximize decentralization. But most of them still operate with a one-size-fits-all mentality. Cosmos is unique among the third-generation blockchain projects in that its raison d'être is not to emphasize any one of those characteristics but rather to accommodate this purpose-built chains into one flexible ecosystem. In short, the blockchain trilemma is best solved by creating the tooling for development teams to create their own application-specific blockchain. Instead of imposing governance issues from above or technological restrictions due to design choices, the suite of Tendermint tools allows projects to select from all the existing and future blockchain projects those features that are best suited for the task at hand. This perspective best reflects the muddle and disorder found in the real world. Financial regulations vary from country to country. Different assets, like the bonds, real estate, and alternative assets described in the previous section, all have their own idiosyncrasies that will need to be accounted for in the tokenization process. A bespoke, flexible ecosystem approach like the one we propose with the Konstellation Network is the appropriate solution to these problems. The software suite developed by Tendermint Inc. which includes Tendermint Core, Cosmos SDK, and the IBC Protocol is the appropriate technology.  

### 4.2 The Emerging Tendermint-Based Blockchain Ecosystem <a name="section42"></a>

More than 100 projects have begun development using the Cosmos SDK. This number increases every week. Aragon Chain, Binance Chain, IRISnet, Kava, and Terra are all prominent projects that have begun their build from Cosmos SDK. These projects are developing, respectively, DAOs, decentralized exchanges, enterprise solutions, decentralized finance (DeFi) lending protocols, and stablecoins all with the Tendermint technology stack. They chose to build their projects with the tooling provided by Tendermint Inc. due to its flexibility and ease-of-use. The total digital assets secured by Cosmos-based blockchains already exceeds $6 billion despite only being launched recently in March 2019.

Thus, the Cosmos ecosystem is a better foundation for the Konstellation Network than our previous home with NEM, which despite being launched four years prior to Cosmos in March 2015 has so far only managed to secure approximately $500 million in digital assets on its public chain. This rapid growth in acceptance for the Cosmos Network was even anticipated by Tech Crunch, which called it the most important blockchain launch since Ethereum. The horizontal scalability method enabled by Tendermint’s tooling is behind Cosmo’s ambition to become “The Internet of Blockchains.” This capability better aligns with our vision for the Konstellation Network as the future of DeFi intended to bridge the gap between traditional financial institutions and the cryptoverse.  

### 4.3 Explaining Cosmos Hubs and Zones <a name="section43"></a>

The first blockchain to use the Cosmos SDK and to launch on the Cosmos Network is the Cosmos Hub. In the language of Tendermint, a “hub” is simply a blockchain that acts as a router for other “zones.” A Zone is an independent blockchain, sometimes called an application-specific blockchain, that can exchange messages with a Hub. This unique hub-and-spoke organization design, which coincidentally offers drastic efficiency improvements in the logistics industry, is the primary basis for Cosmos’ claim that it is nearly infinitely scalable. In essence, this architecture design is akin to sharding, but where each shard maintains its own sovereignty, governance and token economy.

The Cosmos Hub lies at the center of what is intended to be an expanding web of Hubs and Zones. The Cosmos Hub is a state machine that simply records the state of each Zone that is attached to it via IBC packets. It does not concern itself with the inner workings of each Zone, rather it marks time by recording the state of each of its spokes at every block. This simple state machine makes it easy for other Zones to interoperate with each other, for example by passing tokens from one blockchain to another, via their interaction with the Hub. But just because the Cosmos Hub lies at the center of this expanding universe of application-specific blockchains does not mean that other Hubs cannot exist, each with their own Zones that do not connect directly with the Cosmos Hub. Tendermint is free and open source, which makes it easy to create private blockchains and other forms of enterprise blockchains that could strategically communicate with other public blockchains as needed. In fact, Persistence is a project that brands itself as the “enterprise hub for Cosmos.” Similarly, the Konstellation Network intends to be the “financial services industry hub for Cosmos.”

The development of additional Hubs in the Cosmos ecosystem augments the scalability of connections, better manages security, and limits the possibility of double-spend attacks within their own Hub ecosystem. Although each Hub and each Zone takes advantage of Tendermint modules such as staking, governance, account creation, token generation, internal dexes and other features, they can all be made slightly different thanks to the flexibility of the Cosmos SDK.     

### 4.4 Interoperability as Core Value <a name="section44"></a>

The problem with most blockchains is that they exist in a silo. The information in them cannot be retrieved and interpreted by any other database except for those that are specifically designed for that information. Legacy financial systems, private blockchain solutions such as Corda and Hyperledger, and even first- and second-generation blockchains like Bitcoin and Ethereum cannot effectively exchange data with each other. In short, they cannot interoperate. If, for example, we want to exchange value located on the Ethereum blockchain to the Bitcoin blockchain, it cannot be done without the involvement of a centralized exchange. In the financial services industry, keeping data secure is a critical consideration. Private information such as investor cap tables, portfolio weights, and venture capital investments should not be shared publicly but certain elements could be shared discreetly, as long as we know exactly who can and cannot see it, to great benefit to the investor.

These concerns are what led Tendermint to create the Inter Blockchain Communication (IBC) Protocol, which is the mechanism for transmitting data packages over the various channels created within the Cosmos Network. When a Zone establishes an IBC connection with a particular Hub, it can immediately reach all other areas linked to the Hub. When one Zone obtains a token from a different Zone via a Hub, it simply requires trusting the Hub and the Zone from which the token comes. It does not require that every other Zone in the network be trusted. Therefore, the IBC Protocol is essential to the proper functioning of the Cosmos Network by allowing several sovereign blockchain Zones with various applications and different sets of rules and validators to interconnect.

At the time of publication of this white paper, the IBC Protocol has not yet been implemented on Cosmos Network. However, it is expected to be rolled out during Q1 2020, starting with the Game of Zones, an incentivized testnet where project teams are required to build and connect Zones using the IBC Protocol.  

### 4.5 The Konstellation Network as a Key Cosmos Hub <a name="section45"></a>

As explained above, a Hub is a stand-alone blockchain that serves as a communication link between several other stand-alone blockchains, known as Zones. A Hub is a neutral space where information and assets securely transit. With the IBC Protocol as foundation, several challenges remain to be addressed to adapt Cosmos SDK for the specific purpose of bringing the benefits of DeFi to the traditional financial services industry. Among these challenges are: 1) interoperable asset management across several chains, primarily but not restricted to Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, and all Tendermint consensus chains; 2) interoperable tokenized asset creation across several asset classes, namely equity, bonds, real estate and alternative assets; and 3) cooperation with and synergy between different business-oriented services for the financial industry, particularly legal, analytics, investment advisory and content service providers.

These three prongs comprise the challenges that the global financial services industry faces that we firmly believe that blockchain technology can address. The Konstellation Network aims to create the structure for decentralized financial services and link them together within a single ecosystem to propose the easiest, safest, most efficient and most compliant experience possible for all ecosystem participants.

The Konstellation Network serving as “the financial services industry Hub in the Cosmos ecosystem” is aligned with that spirit. We aim to provide the blockchain backbone necessary for these services to be delivered seamlessly to ecosystem participants. As the services offered grow, so should the participants in our ecosystem. Smart contracts can be implemented, provided we develop our own bespoke Ethermint Zone to house them, that query data from other blockchains using decentralized oracles in order to define actions under specific circumstances.

For example, when selling a security token to an institutional investor, a smart contract could be implemented to query that investor’s KYC status in order to verify that they are allowed to invest in that particular security token. Simultaneously, another smart contract could analyze the data embedded into that security token to ensure that it is compliant with the regulations prevailing in that particular investor’s jurisdiction as well as examining the provenance of that asset to ensure it conforms to AML checks. In this configuration, the Konstellation Network aims to be a critical component in the larger Cosmos ecosystem linking together decentralized financial services using a resilient token economy that provides ease of use and security to tokenholders and efficient, compliant products to institutional actors. Other use cases will be detailed in Section 6 below.

As presented in the Konstellation Network Roadmap, in section 9 of this paper, the launch of our mainnet is just the beginning. Naturally, we hope to increase the decentralization of our network infrastructure by onboarding an increasingly diverse set of validators. However, we hope that our validators will not just merely be hardware providers. We intend to incentivize them, or at least a large minority of them, to become service providers and active ecosystem participants as well.

We also intend to launch our own Zones for the Konstellation Network. The development of these sidechains will accomplish two goals. First, the Zones will bring much-needed additional functionality to the network. Second, they will demonstrate to the blockchain developer community that contributing to the Konstellation ecosystem can be done easily and profitably.

At present, we envision two different Zones that would be useful embellishments to the Konstellation Network. First, we could spin up an Ethermint Zone to accommodate the use of existing and specific-use Solidity smart contracts on Ethereum. Such a Zone would also be to facilitate the maintenance of private peg zones for ETH and ERC20 assets. Widely used stablecoins like USDT, USDC, DAI and GUSD could prove especially useful in our network. Second, we intend to connect our private fundraising platform, DarcMatter, into the Konstellation Network with its own private Cosmos SDK chain to ensure the data privacy of all of its customers.

Based on our experience creating the two Zones mentioned above, we intend to release our own Starmint SDK to help our enterprise customers spin up their own private Cosmos SDK blockchains that would connect and interoperate with the Konstellation Network, enabling the seamless transfer of paperwork, information and value across all ecosystem participants. DARC, of course, would be the default utility token for all chains built with Starmint SDK. Technical, consulting and other advisory services tailored specifically to the implementation of Starmint SDK to any one particular enterprise could only be accessed by actively staking DARC.

In this manner, the Konstellation Network aspires to become a critical part of the overarching Cosmos-based blockchain ecosystem.    

## 5. Using the Konstellation Network <a name="section5"></a>

The overarching goal of the Konstellation Network is to increase access to bespoke investment opportunities to an increasing array of users across the globe. The potential for blockchain technology applied to the financial services industry is enormous and has resulted in substantial investments and effort toward realizing what is now called “open finance” or “DeFi,” which is short for decentralized finance. This section describes the parameters of our network.  

### 5.1 What Is Konstellation Network? <a name="section51"></a>

The Konstellation Network will be a hybrid public/private blockchain ecosystem built using the Cosmos SDK in the Golang computer language. The Konstellation Network itself will function both as an important financial services industry hub in the Cosmos ecosystem as well as the public main chain of the Konstellation ecosystem. Both public and private sidechains, or Zones as they are called in the Cosmos terminology, can be built with the help of Starmint SDK and be rooted in the main chain. We believe that a high-functioning blockchain-based ecosystem for financial services must exhibit the characteristics of both public and private blockchains. Most financial institutions loathe sharing their data publicly, but they can also benefit from the security and trustlessness of verifications on public blockchains.

The Proof of Stake system included in Tendermint Core and the Cosmos SDK will incentivize the security of the main chain at its launch. Over time, Konstellation will work towards developing a new consensus mechanism known as Proof of Gravity. The main purpose of the Konstellation Network is to provide the infrastructure layer for maximum usability within the financial services industry. Konstellation has developed its own interface, currently known as DARCwallet, that will exist on top of this infrastructure.

An ecosystem approach that focuses on supporting the vast financial services industry will drive all decisions made with regards to the interface and infrastructure of the Konstellation Network. While significant improvements in blockchain technology will permit the decreased usage of intermediaries and trust-based validators over time, the underlying premise of most financial functions, particularly investments, is dependent upon a network and ecosystem of nodes and counterparties that allow for the overarching system to work properly. 

Konstellation Network is being built with these considerations. The core system and its interfaces are being designed with an end user in mind that, in most cases, is likely not to be a techno-centric user.  

### 5.2 Ecosystem Constituents <a name="section52"></a>

Given the primacy of our ecosystem approach, this section outlines the types of participants we hope to get involved in the Konstellation ecosystem. Throughout this section, the term DARC refers to the native utility token on the Konstellation Network.   

#### 5.2.1 Dapp Developers <a name="section521"></a>                                                             

Developers will be able to develop decentralized applications (DApps) to provide investment product creators and investors with more tools to make smart and educated investment decisions. Examples are automated DApps that facilitate robo-advisory, data analytics and portfolio analysis. If these types of service offerings would benefit from operating within a consortium environment, they can build their own private application-specific chain using Starmint SDK. If they would benefit from operating in a public trustless environment, they can operate directly on the main chain. The goal is to provide ecosystem participants an unbiased and nuanced view into the information of the underlying opportunities and industries.
DApp developers will have to stake DARC, which they can buy on the open market, apply for grants from Konstellation, or arrange loans from Singularity Nodes. As the ecosystem uses their DApps, developers will earn DARC as compensation for their effort. The fees associated with making a DApp available in the ecosystem will vary over time and are subject to the governance procedures outlined in Section 6.3.

Once a DApp is operating within the ecosystem, developers will of course have to actively maintain their service offering but can largely leverage their existing work inside the DARC ecosystem to gain incremental users. The large number of FinTech solution providers and startups that are looking for methods to connect with new customers and monetize existing tools in this manner offers a substantial market opportunity for both the DARC token economy and the service providers themselves. Initial partners or fund managers that are most incentivized to use the system and have the technical background to become a DApp developer will be given initial preference.  

#### 5.2.2 Smart Contract Developers <a name="section522"></a>

As additional investment opportunities are added into the ecosystem, different products will require unique smart contract characteristics. Since Cosmos-based blockchains are simple state machines, they cannot support smart contracts. However, as soon as technologically feasible, we plan to initiate our own public Ethermint sidechain to enable the utilization of smart contracts within the Konstellation Network.

Participants will be able to submit smart contracts that represent unique investment products that could be customized to jurisdiction, type of investor, asset class and other considerations. DARC tokens would have to be staked in order to create legally binding and compliant agreements on a localized level. When initiated, the smart contract developer would earn fees, denominated in DARC tokens, based on the parameters of their smart contract. For smart contracts that govern investment products, a small component of the DARC stake would be set aside for potential future dispute and conflict resolution. DARC would also be required to pay for the gas any time that the smart contract mechanism is invoked.  

#### 5.2.3 Investment Product Providers <a name="section523"></a>

Within the fintech universe, various platforms and businesses provide a unique value proposition or financial product to investors. They may plug into the ecosystem in order to broaden their reach. Investment product providers can create a new investment product for investment on the blockchain utilizing a smart contract for that specific product. Or they can offer investment products without a smart contract, but the submission of which would have to be subject to the governance rules outlined in section 6.3. The investment product provider would have to stake DARC to initiate the vote, place the product for offering within the ecosystem and maintain a sufficient balance to pay for the gas required to otherwise operate its product.

As specific functions occur through the life of the investment process, the investment product provider is required to pay to compensate for services, such as smart contracts and DApps, available within the ecosystem. As more tokens are staked over longer periods of the time, the payment for such functions would decrease. A modified negative Gombertz function will be applied that would decrease service fees over time as the length of thime that DARC is staked increases. Similarly, fees for investors would also decrease the longer they have their DARC staked. We anticipate that core investment product providers from traditional finance would have an incentive to reach global investors using the built-in compliance tools and other services available within the Konstellation Network in order to reduce their cost structure.

We have anticipated the most popular services that investment product providers would be interested in, including but not limited to staking for product creation, smart subscription, contract verification, multi-signature escrow and investor reports. All of these services would require debits of their staked DARC balance. Other services may be added or modified as the offerings of underlying investment products mature.  

#### 5.2.4 Validators <a name="section524"></a>

Since the Konstellation Network is based on Tendermint Core technology, a set of validators must be maintained to secure the network. There is an inverse relationship between the number of validators and the speed of the network. As validators increase, ensuring the coordination of state among them decreases processing speeds. Therefore, it is important that we choose our validators carefully. Our goal at launch is to attract a minimum of 30 validators, which we anticipate on expanding slowly over time.

Validators provide the technical infrastructure for the network. They must run a full node, which implies keeping their software up to date, maintaining low network latency and ensuring that there will be no downtime. They must also participate in consensus by broadcasting votes to the network. Validators commit new blocks to the blockchain and, in exchange, will receive a portion of the inflation of the DARC token supply. Investors and speculators can actively delegate their DARC stake to these validators to participate in the earning of these inflation rewards.  

#### 5.2.5 Singularity Nodes <a name="section525"></a>

For those validators that would like to increase their earning potential and more actively participate in shaping the future of the Konstellation Network, we will develop a special class of super nodes that we refer to as Singularity Nodes. Singularity Nodes must stake the minimum amount of tokens, maintain a necessary volume of transactions on the network and successfully submit a proposal according to the governance procedures outlined in Section 6.3 in order to be classified as a Singularity Node. Singularity Nodes will be eligible for additional DARC earning opportunities and must also bear additional responsibility to always vote for and meaningfully engage in all economic, governance and technical questions. A Singularity Node that fails to vote on any proposal would have their stake slashed. This definition may evolve as the velocity of interactions increases and the complexity of the underlying network interaction increases as well.  

#### 5.2.6 Investors <a name="section526"></a>

Investors will stake tokens to create an investor profile in the ecosystem complete with KYC / AML. Staking a minimum amount of DARC, again the threshold for this will be determined by governance, incentivizes the investor to grow and protect the ecosystem. Additionally, it will provide an alignment of incentive as core information is gathered using the technology and investor is granted access to sensitive investment information, creating a more seamless investor experience. Staking will provide this initial incentive, but this stake can be used to pay for fees over time. Additionally, any investor is able to function as any other constituent role in the ecosystem as well.  

#### 5.2.7 Speculators <a name="section527"></a>

The last constituent in the ecosystem are speculators. They can create an account on the Konstellation Network, but they would not be able to access any services that require KYC/AML. Initially, speculators provide extra depth to the liquidity pool for DARC tokens. We hope that, over time, they will see the value in upgrading their status to Investor. We may provide incentives for them to do so at the early adopter stage.  

### 5.3 Use Cases for the Konstellation Network <a name="section53"></a>

Because the Konstellation Network is designed to be a flexible blockchain-based ecosystem for the financial services industry, we anticipate that its use cases will evolve over time. Although some of the functionality available is listed in the previous section, the following list is simply a brief summary of the possibilities.  

#### 5.3.1 Asset Tokenization <a name="section531"></a>

The proliferation of blockchain systems has created the possibility of being able to tokenize even the most illiquid and sometimes even immovable of assets, including anything from art to commercial real estate in the heart of New York City. Tokenization specifically refers to the act of issuing a token which in turn represents a real-world asset. This process is not unlike the act of securitization, but tokenization presents significant improvements for both issuer and investor alike. The key for this industry vertical is that the tokens must be verifiably backed by actual assets in order for their corresponding digital assets to have any value. An ecosystem approach is vital to ensuring the linkage between asset and token.

There are several platforms that assist in tokenization of assets and securities today.  However, they still exist within a vacuum and lack much of the missing infrastructure and connectivity that is required for a tokenized asset to distinguish itself among institutional and retail investors alike. Enhanced liquidity and a significant reduction in compliance costs are just some of the features that could be combined with tokenization to increase the chances of product viability. We will offer an end-to-end solution on Konstellation Network that will not only allow assets to become tokenized in a variety of formats using a variety of public and private blockchain technologies, but also allow them to access the necessary services and platforms that will allow the token to exist in the broad financial services industry. Some investment offerings could also choose to issue a hybrid product, where some of the offering is represented in tokens and the rest in a more traditional format.  

#### 5.3.2 Synthetic Collateralization <a name="section532"></a>

In contrast to the asset-backed token strategy mentioned in the previous section, we plan to also develop a cross-chain system for creating synthetic assets. By working with other participants in the ecosystem, DARC can be posted as collateral to mint tokens that track any indices. At present, we have VegaX and Bitcurate as partners that would be interested in this type of system, but we anticipate opening up this offering to other ecosystem participants in the future.

Synthetic assets are not securities. They are intended to mimic the returns of any index that can be created and maintained. Once the system is operational, a Singularity Node would have to propose the creation of a particular synthetic digital asset. If approved according to the governance procedures, any ecosystem participant could stake their DARC to mint the proposed token, as long as they maintain a collateral ratio, denominated in DARC and also set by governance, sufficient enough to provide liquidity for the asset.

Thus, the Konstellation Network shall facilitate the creation of both asset-backed digital assets, as outlined in Section 5.3.1, and synthetic collateralized digital assets, the security of which shall be maintained by the DARC utility token and incentivized by the DARC token economy.  

#### 5.3.3 Fintech Development <a name="section533"></a>

Though we expect the previous two sections to comprise the bulk of our usage in the initial phases of the Konstellation Network, we would also like to emphasize that we have designed a system that is flexible enough to accommodate future fintech development. The benefit of such a design is that all of the attendant services necessary to execute asset offerings in the traditional finance world can all be accessed within one ecosystem, rather than the individual service offerings that are currently provided in both traditional finance and decentralized finance. 

Today, traditional financial services include many friction points due to various counterparties that are required to bring a fintech project to life as well as potential users that act as early adopters. Furthermore, fragmentation is a key challenge for the fintech industry, particularly in the payments space for example, where much of the work revolves around legacy systems and manual integrations. However, blockchain technology presents a new opportunity to see the proliferation and ubiquitous use cases of digital currencies that don’t require centralization or complex cross-border navigation.  

Legacy systems still present a major stumbling block. In the world of platforms, digital payments, 24/7 availability, cryptocurrency, and open banking — fintech operations continue to increase their portion of market share. Industry influencers expect traditional financial institutions to establish more partnerships with fintech companies and ecosystems in order to give customers the best possible digital experience. Businesses and governments will continue to have to fend off cyber-attacks from increasingly sophisticated malicious actors for years to come. Given the sensitive nature of the client data they hold and the more digital the entire industry becomes, data security is one of the greatest challenges faced for fintech firms. With cybercriminals launching more sophisticated and frequent attacks, the number of major data breaches will continue to pose problems for traditional financial institutions for years to come. A blockchain-based financial services ecosystem that combines the elements of both public and private blockchain technology is the ideal shield with which to combat cybercrime.

Once the Konstellation Network has been launched, we expect to make available a variety of services available from partners within our ecosystem. Due to the critical nature of KYC/AML and custody solutions to financial assets, we expect that these services will be among the first to be made available from within our ecosystem. We already have partnerships in place with analytics and media firms that are interested in making their services available to our ecosystem. Legal service providers, via the development of smart contracts, and compliant fundraising, via our legacy DarcMatter platform, could also be integrated into the ecosystem service offerings in the future.

In conclusion, the Konstellation Network intends to attract a wide variety of ecosystem participants that could provide a wide variety of service offerings to the network. As such, the Konstellation Network is a hybrid public/private blockchain-based financial services ecosystem that allows for (i) the creation of digital assets, (ii) the seamless and global blockchain-enabled trusted interaction with critical counterparties and (iii) the backbone upon which financial institutions and related service providers can interact with each other in a transparent, secure and, most importantly, compliant manner. We believe that this value proposition is a strong incentive for many users to start using the network.  

### 5.4 DARCwallet™ <a name="section54"></a>

Konstellation has already launched its own dedicated digital asset interface for the Konstellation Network called the DARCwallet™. The desktop version is currently available in Windows and MacOS, with plans to develop a mobile product for Android and iOS that is specifically targeted towards retail investors. The current desktop version of the DARCwallet™ will evolve towards becoming an enterprise-level secure system wallet specifically catering to Singularity Nodes, network validators and larger ecosystem participants.

The DARCwallet™ will become an all-in-one interface to access the DARC token economy, namely so that users can actively engage in the pursuit of staking rewards and swap between the DARC utility tokens that exist on our mainnet and those that exist on Binance Chain. We also plan to support other digital assets, including first Bitcoin and Ethereum-based tokens. In the future, we also hope to provide simplified access to emerging DeFi protocols like Uniswap, BEPswap, Melonport, Kyber Network and others. We hope that DARCwallet™ will evolve into a DeFi super app in the vein of Wechat or Alipay for China or Grab in Southeast Asia. Repeated visits to the app to engage with these protocols should provide fertile ground for other services to be layered on top of these primary token-based functions. The plan is to continue to add additional features and to make the wallet increasingly more robust for users. With our Konstellation Venture Studio, we will grant DARC tokens and other strategic support to startups that support the development of services that will be made available in the DARCwallet™ super app. Our long-term goal for the DARCwallet™ is to enable wallet users to make more informed investment decisions and access best prices for a wide range of investment opportunities.  

## 6. Innovation in Consensus and Governance <a name="section6"></a>

When the Bitcoin blockchain mined its first block on January 3, 2009, there was only one means for the entire network to come to consensus on the state of its assets. The anonymous creator of Bitcoin, Satoshi Nakomoto, used the Proof of Work consensus mechanism as an efficient means to share the state of the Bitcoin network with all of its nodes and users. However, with the growth in size and processing power of the Bitcoin network, maintaining the blockchain requires the energy output of a small European nation. Although the benefits of Proof of Work (PoW) in providing security to a blockchain are clear, its inability to improve transaction speeds and to scale users despite Bitcoin’s massive growth make PoW an unsustainable solution for blockchain projects that need more than just a cryptocurrency that functions as a robust store of value and means of exchange. Therefore, when we evaluated alternative consensus mechanisms for the design of our Konstellation Network, we came to the conclusion that Proof of Stake (PoS) consensus mechanisms are not only more scalable but also provide for more equitable microeconomies. In addition, we found that the consensus mechanism included in Cosmos SDK, Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance (pBFT), is quite suitable to use at the launch of the Konstellation Network.  

### 6.1 Tendermint Core's Consensus Mechanism - pBFT <a name="section61"></a>

The Bitcoin blockchain uses PoW to incentivize the contribution of processing hashpower for securing the transaction verification process. While this mechanism very effectively secures a blockchain with more than 100 exahash per second in processing power like Bitcoin, new blockchain startups cannot use PoW due to the ease of bad actors executing a 51% attack. In this theoretical scenario, once miners control more than half of a blockchain’s hashpower, they could wield this power to prevent new transactions from gaining confirmation and get included in a transaction block. In a PoS system, nodes must actively stake their tokens, as opposed to providing hashpower, to be eligible for randomly allotted block rewards. Proof of Stake thereby almost eliminates the chances of a 51% attack because stakeholders would have to buy up more than half of the total supply of the cryptocurrency and then destroy it, rendering their substantial investment worthless. Economic systems work better when the inevitably of human greed works to in favor of network security, rather than against it. Thus, Proof of Stake consensus mechanisms take advantage of properly aligned economic incentives to better secure the network, especially for new blockchains just starting out.

Section 4 explains why Cosmos technology will be used to build the Konstellation Network. Section 4.4 discusses the revolutionary IBC Protocol. Cosmos SDK provides application layer flexibility. But there is a third leg upon which the Cosmos software suite rests – Tendermint Core, which includes the “gold standard” in PoS consensus algorithms as well as a peer-to-peer networking protocol. At launch of the network, the Konstellation Network will use the Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance (pBFT) consensus mechanism provided by Tendermint Core. In addition to a blockchain that is secured by dynamic inflation of its native token, pBFT offers three advantages that are extremely beneficial to our purpose of creating a blockchain-based ecosystem for the financial services industry.

First, pBFT ensures a high level of security. Part of that security is derived from a positive feedback cycle included in the design of the token economy. Users are incentivized to remain committed to the network for the long term. By bonding their tokens to validator nodes on the network, their inflation rewards increase via compounding as they stake more tokens on the platform. Also, pBFT includes a slashing mechanism in which a user’s stake can be reduced in response to dishonest behavior. Another contributor to network security is the partially synchronous nature of pBFT consensus that can tolerate up to one third of a network being comprised of explicitly malicious actors without arbitrary failure.

Second, pBFT provides almost instant finality of transactions. In contrast to PoW systems and some PoS systems, pBFT systems do not require numerous confirmations in subsequent blocks on the blockchain before their transactions can be considered final. This fast finality is the reason Binance built their Binance DEX using the Cosmos SDK. Financial services ecosystems have the potential to see thousands of transactions per second. For this type of environment, pBFT is ideal.

Lastly, the pBFT provided by Tendermint Core is perfectly suited for scalability. Using its ABCI Protocol, applications can be written in a variety of languages including Golang, Rust, Java, JavaScript and others. This wide support is important to maintain state machine replication so that every app that accesses the Konstellation Network ledger is accessing the exact same information or state. As we expand the nodes and services in the Konstellation Network, this type of development flexibility is crucial. 

However, we plan to evolve this consensus mechanism over time through research and practical experience to create an entirely new consensus mechanism especially created for applying blockchain to the financial services industry. We will implement these improvements over time, culminating with the release of our own consensus mechanism, known as Proof of Gravity.  

### 6.2 Evolving Consensus Toward Proof of Gravity - gBFT <a name="section62"></a>

While pBFT is relatively robust, it is not specifically engineered for the financial asset management industry. Proof of Gravity will evolve the pBFT consensus mechanism with a focus on preventing the development of Too Big To Fail (TBTF) economic actors within the ecosystem of the Konstellation Network. Since Proof of Gravity will be a consensus mechanism still based on Byzantine Fault Tolerance, we will hereafter refer to is a gBFT.

One of the driving motivations for gBFT is to put in place safeguards that will help prevent the economic collapse such as that which occurred in the Great Recession. Establishing an equitable ecosystem that prevents overlarge institutions from taking advantage of the ecosystem and using it for their own nefarious means is representative of this goal. TBTF institutions acting in their own selfish interest, and not in the interest of the financial ecosystem as a whole, have been cast as one of the primary causes of the last financial collapse. By completely aligning the interests of all ecosystem participants, the Konstellation Network hopes to engineer an economy wherein any actor’s most selfish behavior is the same exact behavior that is best for the entire ecosystem.

To accomplish this more equitable environment, we need a consensus mechanism that does more than just consider the absolute size of nodes and their uptime on the network, as pBFT does. Ideally, a consensus mechanism bespoke to the financial services and asset management industries should also take into consideration the relative size of all the nodes within the ecosystem, the nature of their interaction, incentivization to promote accretive behavior, and value at risk (VaR) across the entire ecosystem. With further research into gBFT, we expect to find additional beneficial aspects.

In this sense, gBFT will become the first niche consensus mechanism made specifically for one industry. Where most PoS systems simply motivate their users to accumulate stake, gBFT will do that as well as encourage users to transact on the network and disincentivize participants in the ecosystem from becoming TBTF. Therefore, we expect that our gBFT consensus mechanism will consider the following aspects when deciding which nodes will be able to earn block rewards: stake, stake as a percentage of the mean stake across all participating nodes, vesting over time, transactional Volume with other unrelated nodes (modified as average ecosystem transactional volume), and computational hash power provided to the ecosystem. The specifics of our Proof of Gravity concept are still evolving and will be further outlined in a separate paper.  

### 6.3 Governance <a name="section63"></a>

As with our consensus mechanism, we will launch the Konstellation Network mainnet with the tooling provided by the Cosmos software suite. This structure allows any DARC token holder to deposit their tokens in support of a proposal, the minimum amount required shall be determined by the consortium of Singularity Nodes. Multiple token holders can deposit their stake over time in order to reach that amount. Once that threshold has been met, validators and delegators shall be able to vote, over the course of a standardized two-week period, on the proposal with one of 4 responses: Yes, No, NoWithVeto, and Abstain. Validators and delegators can also choose not to participate in the proposal evaluation process at all. As long as a quorum of 40% of bonded stake has cast their vote, any proposal with a 50% plus one majority of cast votes at the end of the proposal period, excluding Abstain votes, shall be considered an accepted proposal. If a proposal does not receive a majority of votes, as defined above, or the accepted quorum is not achieved, that proposal shall be considered rejected. Proposals can be as mundane as asking the opinion of the community or so complex that they would require a hard fork of the chain. In addition to the deposit required, actions of token holders may result in the slashing of stake if the governing council decides that that is appropriate to reduce proposal spam and malicious actors. Most proposals will likely involve the alteration of preset parameters of the system such as gas limits, dynamic inflation rate ranges or additions to the on-chain investment products. In this manner, the Konstellation Network will be able to evolve according to the active participation of its token holders.

In tandem with our research on Proof of Gravity, we anticipate that these governance mechanisms will also evolve. Specifically, the nature of Singularity Nodes will be more clearly defined and more roles will be designated to them.  

## 7. Token Economy <a name="section7"></a>

Although Konstellation is enamored with the potential of Cosmos-based blockchain technology to provide security and scalability to our niche financial services ecosystem, we believe that perhaps an even more essential component of our strategy than this technology is the development of a robust token economy. Our governance mechanisms should be able to respond to issues that arise with increased ecosystem usage, but we believe the following measures with regard to our DARC utility token will properly align incentives for all ecosystem constituents.  

### 7.1 Monetary Policy <a name="section71"></a>

Blockchains based on the Tendermint Core pBFT consensus mechanism use Proof of Stake, rather than Proof of Work, to secure the chain. At the launch of the Konstellation Network, in the absence of transactions of economic value, a portion of which could be diverted to validators as a tax to secure the chain, we will rely on the distribution of inflation rewards to validators for the security of the chain. Inflation rewards will be distributed to validators according to the total number of tokens bonded to them, with whom they will share their rewards on a pro-rata basis. The Cosmos SDK provides these parameters as variables to be included in the genesis block. The inflation rate will dynamically vary between a minimum rate of 3 percent and maximum rate of 12 percent in order to promote a staking rate, i.e. the total number of tokens bonded to validators as a percentage of the overall token supply, of 50 percent. As the staking rate increases over this goal, the lower inflation rewards will be, but shall not fall below 3 percent. The lower the staking rate decreases below the ideal staking rate, the higher inflation rewards will be, not to exceed 12 percent. Should the staking rate remain stable at the 50 percent goal, inflation of the token supply will remain stable at 7.5 percent. After the establishment of the governing council of the Konstellation Network, Singularity Node operators may decide to submit a proposal to alter this inflation schedule and/or the ideal staking rate.  

### 7.2 Staking <a name="section72"></a>

Once the mainnet launches, DARC token holders will be incentivized to actively participate in the Konstellation Network ecosystem using three primary staking mechanisms: stake to bond, stake to earn, and stake to access.  

#### 7.2.1 Stake to Bond <a name="section721"></a>

In order to maintain the security of the chain, token holders must actively bond their utility tokens to a validator. Delegating their tokens in this manner essentially locks up their tokens. Should they choose to unbond their stake, a cool-down period of 21 days is required before their tokens will be once again freely available in their wallet. In order to incentivize token holders to lock up their DARC in this manner, tokens that are bonded to a validator will receive a portion of the inflation rewards of every block that is appended to the blockchain. This bonding, sometimes called delegation, must be initiated by the user from within the DARCwallet™. Proof of Stake blockchains are secured by the validators. The chain remains susceptible to 51% attacks if not enough tokens are bonded to these validators. Therefore, users that choose to stake to bond their tokens are an invaluable resource to the ecosystem.  

#### 7.2.2 Stake to Earn <a name="section722"></a>

In the rapidly evolving DeFi ecosystem, staking not only refers to bonding tokens to validators to secure the chain. Staking also refers to the active contributions of your tokens to collateral pools and other opportunities that would require tokens on the network in order to operate. As these service offerings are developed, they will be made available in the DARCwallet™ where users can actively stake their DARC to claim periodic variable rewards. Those rewards will vary with the ecosystem usage of the service. Token holders would have to actively claim their rewards within a specified period or they would forfeit their rewards. Service providers that do not want to acquire or borrow DARC themselves in order to access the network can use this option to reduce funding expense in whole or in part. They might also consider offering a “stake to earn” option simply in order to bootstrap their user base within the ecosystem and encourage active participation with their service.  

#### 7.2.3 Stake to Access <a name="section723"></a>

In order for our token economy to work, service providers must have “skin in the game” that they could potentially lose. Having at least some amount of capital at risk encourages these ecosystem participants, like DApp creators for instance, to actively improve and maintain their offerings or risk capital loss. In our vision of the future network at full capacity, we would have any of a number of categories of ecosystem participants staking DARC to gain access to legal service providers, KYC/AML services, custody, and reporting. Investors could stake DARC to gain access to unique investment opportunities or the potential to pay less in fees or earn more in rewards. Other tech solutions providers, like analytics providers or OTC services, would have to stake DARC in order to offer their services. That stake could be slashed if the service ran into difficulties. These three very different staking mechanisms provide a variety of means that all incentivize capital to stay within the DARC ecosystem.  

### 7.3 Burn Cases <a name="section73"></a>

In an inflationary Proof-of-Stake cryptoeconomy, perhaps just as important as use cases for the token are the so-called “burn cases” for the token. Upon launch of the Konstellation Network mainnet, we will not have any burn cases. However, much as Ethereum is considering implementing burning a portion of fees included with every block with its Ethereum Improvement Proposal 1559 (EIP-1559), we reserve the right to implement burn cases in the future. Any potential burn case would have to first be proposed and approved according to the governance procedures outlined in Section 6.3. A burn case could be applied to gas fees, block rewards, subscription fees, application fees or any other fee associated with user activity.  

### 7.4 Token Distrubtion <a name="section74"></a>

Our initial token-based capital raise was previously conducted in 2018 using a NEM-based mosaic token. The breakdown of that allocation was simply 50/50. Half of the 1 billion NEM mosaic tokens that we pre-mined were put up for sale. The other half were kept in treasury with the following distribution breakdown: seed round investors, 4%; developers, 6%; reserve, 10%; and management & staff, 30%.

Our NEM mosaic token will expire on July 25, 2020. After that date, they simply will no longer exist. Therefore, existing token holders must migrate to a token on a different chain. To facilitate the transition to Tendermint Core technology, we have minted 1 billion tokens on Binance Chain using its native BEP2 protocol. The protocol name for this token is DARC-24B. Once the swap from NEM to BEP2 has been substantially completed, we will burn the supply of unsold tokens remaining from the half of our token supply made available for sale. That amount is equal to 51,332,761.172595 DARC. As an additional show of faith to our community, we also commit to burning half of the allocation, for a total of 150 million DARC, provided to management and staff. Should every single NEM token be swapped for its BEP2 equivalent, that would leave a new total supply of 798,667,238.827405 DARC on the BEP2 protocol. However, we expect that some NEM tokens may not transfer over and thus further reduce total token supply.

Whatever the total number of DARC-24B tokens is at the launch of the Konstellation Network, the genesis block will include that same exact amount of mainnet DARC tokens. A permanent two-way swap will be made available in DARCwallet™. After the launch of mainnet, we anticipate that the DARC-24B token will remain our primary trading token and the mainnet tokens will be the primary means of interacting with the Konstellation Network. We would not exclude there ever being liquidity provided for the mainnet token, but we plan for the DARC-24B supply, even following the launch of our mainnet, to remain a significant part of the DARC token economy. The continued support of BEP2 tokens will allow our community access to many of the liquidity options in the BEP2 universe that are simply not yet available for tokens based on the Cosmos SDK standard.  

## 8. Roadmap <a name="section8"></a>

For our anticipated development in the year 2020, we break it down by quarterly expectations.

In Q1 2020, we will release a new version of DARCwallet™ that supports XEM, DARC, BNB, and DARC-24B. We also will enable one-way swaps from our NEM mosaic token to DARC-24B. Later, we will release the first version of our DARC Dashboard inside DARCwallet™. Finally, we will launch our first testnet for Konstellation Network.

In Q2 2020, we will launch another testnet that will include our final group of 15 to 25 genesis validators. DARCwallet™ should expand its support for other on-chain assets, specifically BTC, ETH and ATOM. DARCwallet™ will also begin to offer in-wallet liquidity options.

In Q3 2020, we expect to launch our mainnet. DARCwallet™ should see expanded support for on-chain assets, including all ERC20, BEP2 and other Cosmos SDK-based tokens. A second version of the DARC dashboard will go live. Collateralization of our first synthetic assets should commence.

In Q4 2020, a mobile version of the DARCwallet™ should ship. The number of validators should increase to 31. Support for other important blockchain assets will be added. Research into integrating IBC shall conclude.

For our anticipated development in the year 2020, we break it into semiannual installments.

In H1 2021, we anticipate spinning up our own Ethermint-based sidechain to house smart contracts. We also hope to spin up our private Tendermint-based sidechain to integrate the backend of DarcMatter into the Konstellation Network. We also plan to begin hosting our own peg zones for widely used digital assets. First, we will use IBC to connect to other chains in the Cosmos ecosystem. Later, we hope to use IBC to directly connect to other chains.

In H2 2021, we hope to ship Starmint SDK to help our enterprise customers spin up their own private cosmos SDK blockchains that connect directly into the Konstellation Network and use DARC as the utility token and source of security on these chains.

This brief, high-level roadmap is subject to change at our discretion.  
